# Feedback

This is design feedback provided on May 26, 2022.

Because of the focused nature of this application, it will
have to be rock-solid. I mean, really, really well
developed, with no bugs or errors. Make sure you perform
very, very good exception handling and properly report
errors to the user.

## APIs

* Why is there a Create a new user endpoint if none of the
  other functionality use it?
* Are you missing APIs that would use the `User` entity?
* Looking at the data model, I see the notion of
  "preferences" but don't see that reflected in the APIs
  * How does a person's specified preferences get saved to
    the application?
* The GHI mentions the ability for a user to save events but
  that is not reflected in API anywhere

## Data model

* After the relational data modeling workshop, please
  revisit the idea of `Preferences`
  * This is likely a many-to-many relationship between
    `User` and `Preference`
  * You won't have a column for each kind of preference,
    instead, those will be rows in the `Preference` table
  * You then have
    * One person has many preference options
    * One preference can be had by many people
    
----- hopefully the change in here is what you meant? 

* You mention a "reference to imported weather data" in the
  `Location` entity, but I don't see a `Weather` value
  object in the data model

----- based off talking with the group we dont think we will actually need to store the weather data. we just want it to be shown to the user based off of their inputted location 

* In the `Event` model, rather than having separate `date`
  and `time` properties, it's probably best to have a single
  `timestamp` property which can include things like time
  zone, an **important** aspect of this application
* Would the `Event` model also have, optionally, latitude
  and longitude properties when you can accurately source
  them?
* The GHI mentions the ability for a user to save events but
  that is not reflected in the data model anywhere

## GHI

"Just four dudes missing sunlight" is a **great** tag!
